c:\users\wittmanb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Template\Template\bin\Debug\Assimp32.dll
c:\users\wittmanb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Template\Template\bin\Debug\Assimp64.dll
c:\users\wittmanb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Template\Template\bin\Debug\Content\Bloom.tkb
c:\users\wittmanb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Template\Template\bin\Debug\Content\Arial16.tkb
c:\users\wittmanb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Template\Template\bin\Debug\Content\Ship.tkb
c:\users\wittmanb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Template\Template\bin\Debug\Content\Balls.tkb
c:\users\wittmanb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Template\Template\bin\Debug\Content\ShipDiffuse.tkb
c:\users\wittmanb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Template\Template\bin\Debug\Template.exe
c:\users\wittmanb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Template\Template\bin\Debug\Template.pdb
c:\users\wittmanb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Template\Template\bin\Debug\SharpDX.D3DCompiler.dll
c:\users\wittmanb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Template\Template\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\wittmanb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Template\Template\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\wittmanb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Template\Template\bin\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\wittmanb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Template\Template\bin\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\wittmanb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Template\Template\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Toolkit.Compiler.dll
c:\users\wittmanb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Template\Template\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Toolkit.dll
c:\users\wittmanb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Template\Template\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Toolkit.Game.dll
c:\users\wittmanb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Template\Template\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Toolkit.Graphics.dll
c:\users\wittmanb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Template\Template\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Toolkit.Input.dll
c:\users\wittmanb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Template\Template\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\wittmanb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Template\Template\bin\Debug\AssimpNet.dll
c:\users\wittmanb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Template\Template\bin\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\wittmanb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Template\Template\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\wittmanb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Template\Template\bin\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\wittmanb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Template\Template\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Toolkit.xml
c:\users\wittmanb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Template\Template\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Toolkit.Game.xml
c:\users\wittmanb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Template\Template\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Toolkit.Graphics.xml
c:\users\wittmanb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Template\Template\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Toolkit.Input.xml
c:\users\wittmanb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Template\Template\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Toolkit.Compiler.xml
c:\users\wittmanb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Template\Template\bin\Debug\SharpDX.D3DCompiler.xml
c:\users\wittmanb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Template\Template\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\wittmanb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Template\Template\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\wittmanb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Template\Template\bin\Debug\AssimpNet.xml
c:\users\wittmanb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Template\Template\obj\Debug\Template.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\wittmanb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Template\Template\obj\Debug\Template.exe
c:\users\wittmanb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Template\Template\obj\Debug\Template.pdb
J:\SP2014-2015\CS361A\wilsonl\Template\Template\obj\Debug\Template.exe
J:\SP2014-2015\CS361A\wilsonl\Template\Template\obj\Debug\Template.pdb
